good evening everyone my name is Vicky
cocoa I'm from the School of Nursing and
Midwifery and my topic to remember
tonight is titled picture perfect
portraiture
so portraiture is a qualitative
methodology which is an amalgamation of
life history narrative inquiry and
ethnographic methods it burrowers its
name from the visual arts and was
developed by ceremonies like forge a
Harvard professor who has a background
in child development and sociology and
education it borrows its name from the
visual arts and I as the researcher will
be developing written rather than visual
portraits so canvases written canvases
rather than the canvas that as you can
see is one spoke Renoir and one in the
night as you can tell these portraits
are on the same child but showing a
tapestry of detail and different
perspective and that's what I will be
doing with my portraits and Who am I
going to the trail well because I'm a
nurse I'm going to portray nurses why am
I going to portray them when I begin my
PhD journey the front page of the West
Australian newspaper announced from the
director
with health that the Western Australia
healthcare system was in disarray and I
thought oh my goodness
what's happening and why are the nurses
staying so we know all that's wrong
about health care we see it every day
it's recorded in the newspapers it's
reported in the literature we have an
aging workforce the average age of a
nurse nowadays is 47 years old we have
staff chronic staff shortages we do not
have enough nurses we are busily trying
to prepare in our undergraduate programs
we have for assault or violence and
bullying
we have cutbacks and rationalization of
budgets and you know in an election
coming that there is the cut and pull of
what is going to be spent on health so
why did I choose portraiture as my
qualitative methodology portraiture as a
methodology chooses to look at the
positive
it looks at looking for success it talks
about people conquering obstacles and
achieving success so it's better to quit
a success than the variance also I
postulated my thesis why our nursing
staff never staying in nursing and I
suggests that they are resilient so
using a framework of Fredrickson's
broaden and build theory I'm looking at
how positive emotions
positive emotions and modeling those
behaviors and nurses can remain within
the system
Moanalua talk of survivors pride nurses
overcoming challenges and accomplishing
tasks to remain in nursing at the end of
the day so it's talking about boundaries
perseverance in times of issac obstacles
not giving up and so that's why I wanted
to look at nurses look developed at four
traits and put it in a background of
Western Australian health something
that's never been done before so if a
picture paints a thousand words and why
can't I catch you I'm saying that with
my portraits I in fact can do the words
that will show the portraits of the
nurses
you